Adam is in the studio with us and he's going to tell us about his year between the end
of school and the start of university.
Adam, tell us where you went and what you did there.
I went to Ghana in Africa.
Our main project was building a primary school because there wasn't a school in the village
and the children were studying outside.
Was the experience everything you expected?
Yes, in fact, it was more than I expected.
I felt very proud to be part of the project.
We were helping children to have a good education.
What was your favourite thing about Ghana?
The people are very friendly.
My friendship with some of them will last forever.
I'm sure of that.
How did you spend your free time?
That weekend we visited the beaches.
The beaches were lovely and most of the time empty too, very relaxing.
What did you miss most while you were away?
I missed my friends and family most.
Have you found what you want to do with the rest of your life?
The answer is no, but I have discovered what I don't want to do.
I thought I wanted to be an actor.
Now I know that I want to help people.
I've decided to go to college and maybe become a teacher in the future.
So your experience really did change your life?
Yes, it did.